hello guys this is my build schreiber
rxp it's just about winding down still a
lot of tweaks and tunes that I need to
do to it but kind of narrowed everything
down to just getting out in the water I
want to thank our XP x6 Frank for give
me some insight and some couple parts
few parts a lot of parts and some good
knowledge on what parts to build on this
machine because I wanted to do it right
start off also Eric for Speed Freaks he
tricked out the head light in the cam
valves put a nice valve job on it I went
with CP Pistons 9 to 5 9.5 I went to 48
pound injectors room controller got to
relook Reva relocation kit with the new
2010 or 11 intercooler as you can see
there is no bleed there just two 3/4
inch lines
I made a entry there so I can flush the
intercooler out separately so I don't
have the problem I had last time and
then of course I got my normal flush
points I got the rx pxt
block off so I can go straight to the to
the exhaust real clean perfect water
setup there got the roof controller I
left me a little note on here to us I
wanted to say hi to my mom but I figured
I wouldn't be able to until I tell her
now she sees a video basically
everything else is pretty much
straightforward every bolt on this
machine has been replaced there is no
old si new bolts anymore with the
McMasters and got every single bolt I
tried to keep everything black and I
even got the cover to go over these
injectors and just want to make
everything like factory of course I got
the Reba racing fuel pressure regulator
and catch-can 4 inch rear exhaust and of
course the roof fuel controller might as
well fire up and see if she runs huh
there we go
right up
running about 205 when it warms up
against at about 12 8 the 313 still
tweaking a little bit I like it a little
bit more rich on idle because of the new
engine
right at 1800 rpm
go ahead and shut it off here in a
minute I don't want to run it longer
than two minutes
wrong
you